content, 

collaborative flters, 
explicit (user ratings or implicit feedback (purchases, visits, tests).
Popular methods are neighbourhood and latent factor model
latent factor model sets a number of evaluation methods to characterize both items and users and it is mainly based on the matrix
factorization (for example the ratings-matrix). e. They have cold start problems for both new items and new users.

demographic recommend based on age, gender, etc
knowledge requires domain experience 
community recommended by friend instead of stranger

data mining techniques - classification (knn, naive bayes and support vector machine)
cluster analysis *demographics, RFM, LTV, demographic + RFM, demo+LTV and LTV+RFM, 
Common is K-means, K-Medoids and Clara
association rules: apriori FP-Growth, SSFIM and SETM

and hybrid recommenders combine two or more. Discrete choice models

The main limitations of deep learning-based recommendation systems are represented by the fact that there
are often privacy issues in the collection of information for content-based systems, while
for collaborative fltering the acquisition of data from diferent sources often results in
incomplete information that greatly afects the accuracy of recommendations.

The main
deep learning algorithms for recommender system are described as follows. Multilayer
Perceptron (MLP)
Autoencoders (AE) represent an unsupervised model
Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) 
Recurrent Neural Networks (Long-Short Term Memory)
Adversary Network
Deep reinforcement learning (DRL)
ontology-based recommendation system
all deep learning algorithms have cold start problems and require a considerable amount of data to improve performance.
Open problems in the literature for deep learning-based recommendation systems concern the frameworks scalability and the explicability of generated recommendations
deep learning solutions are not applicable in this case, in which
the number of acquisitions per user is low, which is one of the most critical problems of fashion retail.

In compliance with GDPR
rules, the Tool Admin stores the details of customers’ profle, items and transactions on
stores and on the ecommerce website in a centralized database based on MS Azure

The recommendations have to be carefully provided, since suggested items should not have been purchased
by the customer recently, neither already proposed by the human Assistant.



Nageswara RK, Talwar VG (2008) Application domain and functional classifcation of recommender systems a survey DESIDOC. J Library Information Technol 28(3):17–35

Ricci F, Rokach L, Shapira B (2011) Introduction to Recommender Systems Handbook. In: Ricci
F., Rokach L., Shapira B., Kantor P. (eds) Recommender Systems Handbook. Springer, Boston,
MA

https://towardsdatascience.com/k-medoid-clustering-pam-algorithm-in-python-with-solved-example-c0dcb35b3f46